Drink for as many years as you’ve known Alice. AB finish your drink
Drink if you’ve been travelling with Alice
X name the fondest memory you have of Alice
X have you ever seen AB passed out? Give out two sips if it’s a great story
Never have I ever. Go around the room and list something you’ve never done but AB has
For the love of AB. Everyone go around the room and say something nice about Alice and take a drink. X you start
X name 10 things you can imagine Alice to get arrested for and then hand out 3 sips. If you cannot, then drink them
Drink for as many times as you’ve seen Alice Almost/Fully Naked. AB take a sip
X what is Alice's favourite drink? Hand out 3 sips
Shots! Everyone take a shot as celebration for Alice's Birthday
Beer Pong! X vs. Y choose your teammates and let the game begin.
Fingers! Grab a cup and top it up. X you start
X make up a story beginning with "once upon a time, Alice was having a quiet night…" everyone votes good or bad, storyteller nominates 2 for every good vote.
X vs. Y give us your funniest memory of Alice. Best one hands out 2 drinks
X sing AB happy birthday and then everyone take a drink. For those who don’t join in drink 4
Alice tell us your fondest memory of X and both of you drink 2
Alice tell us about the time you woke up under a car and drink for the hell of it
Alice, pick a mate to drink with you for the next 4 rounds.
Drink 2 if you’ve gone travelling with Alice
X Drink 1 if you can name the last place Alice bumped her head
Alice drink for as many tattoos as you have
Drink if you’ve ever hear the song who the fuck is Alice
Word association. Go around the room and say a word you associate with Alice. Any repeats or fuck ups drinks 3. X you start
X, who do you think will last longer tonight Y or Z? Bed time baby must drink 2
X name the place Alice was born, hand out 2 if correct or drink ‘em.
X does Alice prefer Rugby or Football? Hand out 3 if you get it right
X how many years has Alice managed a touch team for? Hand out that many if you get it right or drink the difference from your answer.
X Name Alices first job. Hand out 2 if you get it right or drink them
X what did Alice first study when she went to university?
X Name the members in Alice’s immediate family. Drink for every wrong answer and hand out for each right one
X how did alice break her foot? 2 sips in play, extra 2 if you can tell us how she tore the ligament
X what is Alice’s favourite song? Play it to see if you’re right. If not take a swig
X who is more likely to win in a scrap with Alice, Y or Z? Winner drinks 2 to even the odds
How many Bosses has Alice slept with? Closest answer hands out 3 sips
Alice has a dog names Wai and a cat name … X fill this space correctly and hand out 3 sips
You all know the deal whoo de whoo on three. Finish your drink if you don’t participate
X name Alice’s favourite colour. If you’re wrong drink 2, if you’re right hand them out
X name a time that you and Alice have butted heads. Drink 2 for being so stubborn. That includes you Alice
Something Alice Loves. Go around the room and name something Alice loves. X you start, if you fail or repeat you drink 2
X who was Alice’s biggest crush throughout highschool and possibly still is? Drink 3 if you guess correctly and Alice takes 2. Otherwise everyone drinks 1
X without looking, what is the Colour of AB’s eyes? Drink 2 if your wrong, hand them out if you’re right
If Alice has peed (intentional or not) on you, hand out 2 sips
If you’ve seen Alice puke then hand out 2 if no one has then Alice hand them out.
X who was Alice’s Latin Lover in Columbia? Hand out 2 if you’re right and drink them if you’re not
Without looking, what is Alice’s nickname on Spectrum. 2 drinks if you’re wrong and hand them out if you’re right
X who do you think found Quinn XCII, Potato or AB? The founder can hand out 3 sips
X what is the most number of Jobs Alice has had at one time? Hand out 2 if your right and drink them if you’re wrong
X if Alice could be any animal what would it be? Hand out two if correct, drink them otherwise
Alice dare you to do a rhino.
Alice take 2 drinks if you’ve said something mean about Anna so far tonight
Alice take a drink if you’ve yelled over someone tonight
Alice drink once if you’ve mentioned the Waikato tonight
Alice what crate drink on crate day? Take a sip if you have one nearby or double it if you don’t
X vs Y. Vortex race. The first one to finish their bottle wins
If Alice had a brand name what would it be? Best name hands out 3 drinks. X you start
Things Alice has said whilst drunk. First to repeat or can’t think of anything hands out 2 sips. X you start
X who do you think is more likely to pick Alice up from a booty call Y or Z? The uber driver hands out 3
X what do you think is Alice’s most prized possession? Animals don’t count, if you’re wrong drink 1 if you’re right hand out 2
Alice, tell us a story you think no ones heard before. 5 sips if it’s a repeat.
X, what was Alice’s last hospital trip for? Take 3 sips if you’re wrong.
Alice, take 2 sips just because.
X, drink 1 and give Alice a dare. Alice, do it or drink 4.
Alice vs X - Arm wrestle. Loser drink 4, winner nominate 2. (feel free to pick on the looooser).
X, do you think Alice has ever kissed a girl? 2 sips if you’re wrong. Alice take them if you have (and tell us the story).
X, what is Alice’s best quality? Drink 2 for being such a sweetie.
X, drink 2 and tell us a cute moment you’ve had with Alice.
Alice, drink 3 if you’ve tried to argue your way out of a rule tonight.
X, what do you think is Alice’s dream job? 2 sips if you’re wrong. Alice, take 2 if it’s right (or if you think it’s a great guess).
X, do you think Alice would rather live in the country or the city? 2 sips if you’re wrong.
X, describe Alice’s dreamboy. Nominate 3 if it matches Alice’s description.
 X, which country do you think Alice most desperately wants to visit? 3 sips if you’re wrong, 1 to Alice if it’s on your list.
X, how many fillings does Alice have? Nominate 3 if you’re right, drink them if you’re wrong.
Alice, sing happy birthday to yourself or drink 4 times.
X, name Alice’s celebrity crush. Alice drink 3 if it’s correct, 1 if you would sleep with them anyway.
X, how many boyfriends has Alice had? 2 sips if you’re wrong.
Drink 2 if Alice has ever kept you awake, double it if it was due to a sexual encounter. Alice drinks 1 for each person.
X, what is Alice’s favourite disney movie? 2 sips if you’re wrong.
Alice, drink 3 if you’re currently injured.
Go around the room and name a country Alice has visited. 3 drinks if you repeat or can’t think of anything.
Go around the room and name a boy Alice has slept with. 3 drinks to anyone who guesses wrong.
X, guess what colour underwear Alice is wearing. Nominate 2 if you’re correct, drink them if you’re wrong.
Alice, drink 4 to help kickstart the quarter-life crisis. Congratulations.
X, do you think Alice would ever punch you? Nominate 2 if she agrees. (3 if she already has?)
Drink 3 if you’ve ever done a workout with Alice.
Drink 2 if you’ve got a picture of Alice on your phone. 3 if you can find one where she’s smiling.
Drink each time you look at your phone for the rest of the game. Double if it’s Alice, excluding this one obviously
Group photo, everyone gets in for a nice photo to celebrate today. Any refusals means you finish your drink
Wacky Photo, come on spectrum get in take a photo and do what you do. You delightful bunch of delinquents.
Rate this game on FB… jokes you know we skip it so instead everyone drinks
Gun game, everyone gets 3 bullets. You can shoot them at anyone before the end of the game and they have to drink for each time they’re shot
Place your bets! If you think Alice will drunk call her parents tonight hand out 2
Go around the room and name things that Alice has gotten drunk on. If you repeat or can’t think of anything then take 2 sips
If you’ve ever lived with Alice take a drink
Shower Alice with love. Group hug because deep down all Alice really wants is to be appreciated. Alice take a drink you dork
Drink for each time you’ve wanted to deck Alice
Get out of Jail Free. You can use this once any time during the game, if you do not want to drink then cite this card and yell WHO-DE-WHOO!
Water round. Alright everyone you’ve gotta stay hydrated. Drink some water
Alice must now be referred to as an auckland each time someone drinks. Drink 1 if you forget
Acting a fool. Go around the room and do an action, everyone must guess the action. If successful you can hand out 2 sip, otherwise drink 1. X you start
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!