X do the splits or drink twice
X do 5 push ups or drink twice
X do a cartwheel or drink 1
X have a drink if you're wearing some form of jewelry
Drink 2 if you identify as a female
If you have long hair drink 2
If you have a shaved head drink 1 you baldy
Drink 2 if you’re a male
Drink for every plant you own. Add an extra if you’ve named them.. drink 3 if they’ve died (but you're still holding out hope!)
Drink as many speeding tickets as you’ve gotten (max 5)
Drink 2 if you’ve scratched your bum and smelled your hand. If you didn’t drink for this, take 5 sips you liar
Drink 1 if you’ve worn a suit, 2 if it’s for your day job
Drink 2 if you’ve worn a ball gown
Drink 2 if you’ve ever flipped your underwear inside out to get an extra wear
Drink 3 times if you’ve cried in the last month
Drink 3 times if you’ve celebrated a birthday this year. Drink 5 if it’s yet to come.
If you’ve ever searched web MD to self diagnose drink 2.. soz, you’re dying.
Drink 3 times if you’re brunette.. Dirty blondes stop kidding yourselves, you’re a brunette. Drink
Drink 1 for every bee sting you’ve had, 2 if it was a wasp… ouch
If you have black hair, drink 2... you know, cause we’re original
Drink 3 times if you’ve ever accessed the dark web and double it if you’ve purchased something from it
If your socks match take a sip for being organized
Drink 1 if you’ve had Coronavirus… pleb…
Drink 2 sips if you’ve been COVID tested. As if getting a stick up the nose wasn’t bad enough
If it’s raining drink 3… you know, for the weather
Finish your drink if it’s a weekday... you did this to yourself
Drink 3 sip if it’s your birthday this month. Add another if it’s already been
Drink 2 if you think sausage dogs look funny when they waddle
If you have an insta account for your pet drink 3 sips you star chaser
X do 10 squats or drink 4 times
X do 10 push ups or drink 4 times
Drink for as many people as you’ve made out with in one night
If you’ve had a threesome drink 4 times
Drink as many times as you’ve broken bones. If you haven’t broken a bone then take a sip for being untouchable
Drink for as many fillings as you’ve had
Drink for every time you’ve been stood up
Finish your drink if you have a child
Drink for as many times you’ve thrown up from drinking this year (max 5)
Drink for each time you’ve woken up on the ground and double it if it was outside
If it’s your birthday take a round off, you deserve this one
Drink 2 if you’ve ever gone to the bathroom outside add 1 if someone saw
Drink 2 if you’ve ever slept with your boss
Drink 2 if you’ve been skydiving
Drink 1 if you've been bungee jumping
X stand up, spin around 5 time and take 2 drinks whilst hopping on one leg… you know, for fun
X howl at the moon like a wolf or drink 4
X do a rhino, if there are no cans nearby then finish your drink
X do a vortex, if there are no bottles nearby then finish your drink
Drink 2 times if you’re an atheist and 4 if your agnostic
If you’re a fan of afternoon naps then drink 2
Jumping jacks! X just up and give us 20. 2 drinks for refusal
Cartwheel! X give us your best cartwheel or take 2 sips