X vs. Y, staring contest! First to lose drinks 5
X vs. Y, play a game of paper, scissors, rock. Loser drinks 3
X vs Y, first to do 10 push ups hands out 2
X hand out how many drink as items of clothing you’re wearing
X and Y stare off contest, the last to blink hands out 3 drinks
Nominate 3 to someone you think is pretty
Things drunk people say, X starts. Players who repeat themselves or can’t think of anything drinks 3
If you’re using a coaster, nominate 2  (cause you fancy)
If you’ve showered today, hand out 2 for being clean
Red heads, drink 1 and cry out for your missing soul
Hairest player in the room, howl at the moon and drink 1 you dawg
If you've ever mistaken an aussie accent for kiwi (or vice versa), drink 4 and apologise to the others for your ignorance.
Go around the room listing instruments you played as a child hand out as many sips as instruments you've learnt.
X, sing the national anthem and hand out 2 drinks. Drink 4 if you get it wrong
Tallest player in the room hands out 3 drinks
Shortest player in the room hands out 2 drinks
X vs. Y flip a coin, winner hands out 2 drinks
Go around the room and name girls names. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
Go around the room and name boys names. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
Go around the room and list types of alcoholic drinks. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
X name all the planets in our solar system.  Each one you get right you can hand out 1 drink, you can stop when you want. If you get any wrong you must drink 5
X name 4 countries in Asia. Hand out 1 drink for each country you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X name 3 countries in south America. Hand out 1 drink for each country you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X name 5 states in America. Hand out 1 drink for you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
Regions of New Zealand hand out 1 for each one you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X if you were going to give Y a new nickname what would it be? Y if you approve everyone else drinks if not, then you must drink 3
Go around the room and spell the last name of the person on your right, if you get it wrong drink 2
X vs. Y arm wrestle, the loser must drink 4
X vs Y. Push up contest, loser has to drink 3
X lick the ear of Y. Any refusal drinks 3
X name 3 oceans. Drink if you get any wrong or hand out 2 drinks if you get it right
X name the 7 ancient wonders of the world. Drink 2 if you get any wrong or hand out 3 if you get it right
X how many bones are there in the human body? If you get it right hand out 3 sips otherwise drink them
X vs. Y show us your best impression of Matthew McConaughey. Winner gets to hand out 3 drinks. Alright alright alright
X name three foods that can’t fit in a toaster, Y countdown 5 seconds if they fail then they drink 2 otherwise X hands out 3
X nominates the person who is the most swoll. Mr Muscles hands out 2 sips
X name the best characteristic of Y and drink 2 you big softy
Drink 4 if you’re married if your partner is with you then have 2 each
X vs. Y show us your best pickup line, loser drinks 2
X can you tell us the value of Pi? Hand out 2 if you can and double it if you know the square root of Pi
All those who identify as religious drink 2
Cry me a river. X give us your best fake cry, you can hand out as many drinks as the rest of the team see fit
X turn your pants inside out and leave them that way for the rest of the game or finish your drink
X, what is Y’s most annoying habit (in your opinion)? Y, drink 2 if you’ve done this today.
X vs Y. Who can hold a handstand the longest? They gymnast can give out 4 sips
Never have I ever. 3 fingers - one down for each thing you’ve done. First to lose all their fingers takes 3 drinks.