X, make up your mind: which player do you think is more spineless, Y or Z? This person must drink 5 sips
X, who do you think is more likely to pass out tonight, Y or Z? this person must drink two sips to speed up the process
X skull the drink of the person on your right
Don't look now, X is snake eyes 🐍
Hand out 3 drinks if you don’t associate with a gender
Hand out 2 drinks if you’re going through a gender transition
Take a shot of hard liquor and nominate 2 others or everyone drink once
Would you rather be locked in a prison or a loony bin? Losing team drinks 3
Would you rather visit the moon for a year or live underwater for a year? And no, you cannot come up to the surface. Losers drink 2
Would you rather speak 2 languages simultaneously or speak a language no one understands? Losing team drinks 3
Vodka or Gin for the rest of your life? Losing team drinks 3
Would you rather drink beer or wine for the rest of your life? Losing team drinks 3 times.
Point at the person most likely to win at the paralympics. The olympiad hands out 3
Point at the person most likely to smell their fart and enjoy it. This sicko must drink 5
Everyone points to the youngest person in the room. Youngest drinks 5 times, join them if you guessed wrong
Would you rather be a shark or a whale? Sharks drinks 2 whilst showing your toothy grin
Do blondes have more fun? Show us your best party trick or drink 5
Midget porn or Animal porn? Losing team drinks 3
Drink 2 if you think sausage dogs look funny when they waddle
Point at the person most likely to dress their pet… you fashionista
X sing a recognizable song lyric, the first person to guess correctly hands out 3 sips
Go around the room naming precious gemstones, player who repeats or cannot think of anything drinks 2 sips
X who's more likely to win a 100m dash Y or Z?
Favourite colour on three if you say the same as someone else you both drink
Have you ever been on TV? The best story gets to hand out 3 drinks, if no one then you all drink
Go around the room and name things X loves doing. If you can't think of anything or repeat something drink 2
Everybody goes around the room and guesses the language X wants to learn. Those who get it right hands out 2 drinks
X you're on a stranded island and you can only take one person with you. Do you take Y or Z? This person can hand out 2 sips
How many people has X slept with? Closest guess hands out 4 sips
Buy your friends! For each coin you pass out to a person that person must drink. If you don't have a coin you drink by yourself
Drink 3 times if you think someone in the room is not funny at all
Players donate to a kings cup and play a round of fingers…. bottoms up, loser.
Last person to use their phone donates a sip to each player..
First person to use their phone takes 2 sips (excluding this one..)
Reach for the sky! Last person to do so takes a sip
If you're wearing odd socks take a drink for not doing your laundry
The next person to blink drinks 2
The guy with the least amount of body hair drinks 2
X, how much money would it take for you to kill someone? Think of the price (without saying it) and everyone guesses. Closest guess gives out 3 sips
Soccer players (ex or current) drink 3 times
Cats or Dogs? Losing team drinks 3
Rugby players (ex or current) drink 3 times
Netball players (ex or current) drink 3 times
Hockey players (ex or current) drink 3 times
If you've played beer pong tonight drink 2. Drink 3 if you plan to.
Apprentice tradies drink nothing. keep learning
Qualified tradies hand out as many sips as years you’ve been qualified
Drink if you’ve ever written off a car. Hand out 2 extra if it makes a good story
Paris or Rome? Losing team drinks 3
Drink 5 if you’ve ever driven drunk… Teammates, take the car keys off them now!
Bucket hat lovers take a drink to avoid all that shade
X who do you think is the most likely to win in a fight Y or Z? Loser get to hand out 3 drinks for participating
X who do you think has more friends Y or Z? Mr/Mrs popular please take a sip for your party peeps!
What would you name your child? Drink for any downvotes you receive for the other players
Question master! X is now question master, if you answer any question they ask you must drink. If you say "stuff off question master" when they ask a question then they must drink
Go around the room and say the last movie you watched, anyone who watched the same movie must drink
X choose a letter, then go around the room naming moves that start with this letter, first person to run out or make a mistake drinks 2
X choose a letter, then go around the room naming games that start with this letter, first person to run out or make a mistake drinks 2
Busta Rhyme, X say a word and then go around the room saying words that rhyme with this. First person to run out of words drinks 3
Ugg boots. For or against? Losing team drinks 2
Point at the person most likely to run into an ex. This unlucky sod must drink 4
Pizza with or without pineapple? Losing team drinks 2
Drink for as many hot people there are in this room
X who do you think is more likely to dine and dash Y or Z? This runaway must drink 4 times
X who do you think is more likely to get kidnapped by the mafia Y or Z? This player must drink 4 sips for getting caught
Last person to lift their feet of the floor drinks 2
North or South island? Losing team drinks 2
Best hangover cures. Go around the room, first to repeat or mess up drinks 3. X you start
Pet owners, drink 2
Movies that have Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson in them. Go around the room and list them off. First person to make a mistake or can’t think of anything drinks 2
X, who do you think is more likely to give money to a homeless man Y or Z? This good samaritan may hand out 3 sips for their kindness
X who is more likely to protest against wearing a mask during COVID Y or Z? This person must drink 1 to kill the germs
X who is more likely to go skydiving Y or Z? The dare devil can hand out 2 drinks
Mountain biking or BMX? Losing team drinks 3
Mountain Climbing or Indoor? Losing team drinks 2
X who do you think would be a better late night TV show host? This person must take a drink and greet their live audience
X Truth or Dare? Y gets to decide the truth or Z gets to decide the dare. 5 drinks for a refusal
Group photo, everyone gets in for a nice photo to celebrate today. Any refusals means you finish your drink
Wacky Photo, everyone get in take a photo and do what you do. You delightful bunch of delinquents.
X who is more likely to pass out tonight Y or Z? Sleepy head must drink 2
X who is more likely to fade away into the night Y or Z? The magician's assistant must drink 2
Go around the room and list authors. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Favourite Quote! Go around the room and say a great quote. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Star Wars character! Go around the room and list off Star Wars Characters. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Lord of the Rings character! Go around the room and list off Lord of the Rings Characters. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Twilight character! Go around the room and list off Twilight Characters. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Harry Potter character! Go around the room and list off Harry Potter Characters. Starting with X, anyone who can’t think of one or repeats must drink 2
Acting a fool. Go around the room and do an action, everyone must guess the action. If successful you can hand out 2 sip, otherwise drink 1. X you start
X, play the most recent song on your phone. If the group approves give out 4 drinks, else drink them
Go around the room naming past/current nicknames for anyone in the room. 3 drinks for the first person to run out of ideas or who can’t think of anything.
Go around the room naming bang-able celebrities (currently) - 2 drinks to the first who repeats, can’t think of anyone, or whose choice the rest of the group disagree with.
“Ship Came into the Harbour” - Types of alcohol
“Ship Came into the Harbour” - Cocktails
“Ship Came into the Harbour” - Sex positions
X vs. Y, staring contest! First to lose drinks 5
X vs. Y, play a game of paper, scissors, rock. Loser drinks 3
X vs Y, first to do 10 push ups hands out 2
X hand out how many drink as items of clothing you’re wearing
X and Y stare off contest, the last to blink hands out 3 drinks
Nominate 3 to someone you think is pretty
Things drunk people say, X starts. Players who repeat themselves or can’t think of anything drinks 3
If you’re using a coaster, nominate 2  (cause you fancy)
If you’ve showered today, hand out 2 for being clean
Red heads, drink 1 and cry out for your missing soul
Hairest player in the room, howl at the moon and drink 1 you dawg
If you've ever mistaken an aussie accent for kiwi (or vice versa), drink 4 and apologise to the others for your ignorance.
Go around the room listing instruments you played as a child hand out as many sips as instruments you've learnt.
X, sing the national anthem and hand out 2 drinks. Drink 4 if you get it wrong
Tallest player in the room hands out 3 drinks
Shortest player in the room hands out 2 drinks
X vs. Y flip a coin, winner hands out 2 drinks
Go around the room and name girls names. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
Go around the room and name boys names. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
Go around the room and list types of alcoholic drinks. If you can't think of anything or repeat something already said drink 2. X you start
X name all the planets in our solar system.  Each one you get right you can hand out 1 drink, you can stop when you want. If you get any wrong you must drink 5
X name 4 countries in Asia. Hand out 1 drink for each country you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X name 3 countries in south America. Hand out 1 drink for each country you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X name 5 states in America. Hand out 1 drink for you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
Regions of New Zealand hand out 1 for each one you get right. If you get any wrong you must drink 3
X if you were going to give Y a new nickname what would it be? Y if you approve everyone else drinks if not, then you must drink 3
Go around the room and spell the last name of the person on your right, if you get it wrong drink 2
X vs. Y arm wrestle, the loser must drink 4
X vs Y. Push up contest, loser has to drink 3
X lick the ear of Y. Any refusal drinks 3
X name 3 oceans. Drink if you get any wrong or hand out 2 drinks if you get it right
X name the 7 ancient wonders of the world. Drink 2 if you get any wrong or hand out 3 if you get it right
X how many bones are there in the human body? If you get it right hand out 3 sips otherwise drink them
X vs. Y show us your best impression of Matthew McConaughey. Winner gets to hand out 3 drinks. Alright alright alright
X name three foods that can’t fit in a toaster, Y countdown 5 seconds if they fail then they drink 2 otherwise X hands out 3
X nominates the person who is the most swoll. Mr Muscles hands out 2 sips
X name the best characteristic of Y and drink 2 you big softy
Drink 4 if you’re married if your partner is with you then have 2 each
X vs. Y show us your best pickup line, loser drinks 2
X can you tell us the value of Pi? Hand out 2 if you can and double it if you know the square root of Pi
All those who identify as religious drink 2
Cry me a river. X give us your best fake cry, you can hand out as many drinks as the rest of the team see fit
X turn your pants inside out and leave them that way for the rest of the game or finish your drink
X, what is Y’s most annoying habit (in your opinion)? Y, drink 2 if you’ve done this today.
X vs Y. Who can hold a handstand the longest? They gymnast can give out 4 sips
Never have I ever. 3 fingers - one down for each thing you’ve done. First to lose all their fingers takes 3 drinks.
X do the splits or drink twice
X do 5 push ups or drink twice
X do a cartwheel or drink 1
X have a drink if you're wearing some form of jewelry
Drink 2 if you identify as a female
If you have long hair drink 2
If you have a shaved head drink 1 you baldy
Drink 2 if you’re a male
Drink for every plant you own. Add an extra if you’ve named them.. drink 3 if they’ve died (but you're still holding out hope!)
Drink as many speeding tickets as you’ve gotten (max 5)
Drink 2 if you’ve scratched your bum and smelled your hand. If you didn’t drink for this, take 5 sips you liar
Drink 1 if you’ve worn a suit, 2 if it’s for your day job
Drink 2 if you’ve worn a ball gown
Drink 2 if you’ve ever flipped your underwear inside out to get an extra wear
Drink 3 times if you’ve cried in the last month
Drink 3 times if you’ve celebrated a birthday this year. Drink 5 if it’s yet to come.
If you’ve ever searched web MD to self diagnose drink 2.. soz, you’re dying.
Drink 3 times if you’re brunette.. Dirty blondes stop kidding yourselves, you’re a brunette. Drink
Drink 1 for every bee sting you’ve had, 2 if it was a wasp… ouch
If you have black hair, drink 2... you know, cause we’re original
Drink 3 times if you’ve ever accessed the dark web and double it if you’ve purchased something from it
If your socks match take a sip for being organized
Drink 1 if you’ve had Coronavirus… pleb…
Drink 2 sips if you’ve been COVID tested. As if getting a stick up the nose wasn’t bad enough
If it’s raining drink 3… you know, for the weather
Finish your drink if it’s a weekday... you did this to yourself
Drink 3 sip if it’s your birthday this month. Add another if it’s already been
Drink 2 if you think sausage dogs look funny when they waddle
If you have an insta account for your pet drink 3 sips you star chaser
X do 10 squats or drink 4 times
X do 10 push ups or drink 4 times
Drink for as many people as you’ve made out with in one night
If you’ve had a threesome drink 4 times
Drink as many times as you’ve broken bones. If you haven’t broken a bone then take a sip for being untouchable
Drink for as many fillings as you’ve had
Drink for every time you’ve been stood up
Finish your drink if you have a child
Drink for as many times you’ve thrown up from drinking this year (max 5)
Drink for each time you’ve woken up on the ground and double it if it was outside
If it’s your birthday take a round off, you deserve this one
Drink 2 if you’ve ever gone to the bathroom outside add 1 if someone saw
Drink 2 if you’ve ever slept with your boss
Drink 2 if you’ve been skydiving
Drink 1 if you've been bungee jumping
X stand up, spin around 5 time and take 2 drinks whilst hopping on one leg… you know, for fun
X howl at the moon like a wolf or drink 4
X do a rhino, if there are no cans nearby then finish your drink
X do a vortex, if there are no bottles nearby then finish your drink
Drink 2 times if you’re an atheist and 4 if your agnostic
If you’re a fan of afternoon naps then drink 2
Jumping jacks! X just up and give us 20. 2 drinks for refusal
Cartwheel! X give us your best cartwheel or take 2 sips